"query:Unread:unread = \"yes\"" meta

https://www.reddit.com/r/commandline/new.rss reddit content
https://www.reddit.com/r/EndeavourOS/new.rss reddit content
https://www.reddit.com/r/linux/new.rss reddit content
https://www.reddit.com/r/neovim/new.rss reddit content
https://www.reddit.com/r/nuxt/new.rss reddit content
https://www.reddit.com/r/vim/new.rss reddit content
https://www.reddit.com/r/vuejs/new.rss reddit content

https://news.ycombinator.com/rss news
https://lobste.rs/rss news
https://feeds.feedblitz.com/marginalrevolution news

https://michaelnthiessen.com/articles vue content
https://markus.oberlehner.net/blog/ vue content
https://logaretm.com/blog/ vue content
https://www.sitepoint.com/author/igerchev/ vue content
https://martinmalinda.medium.com/ vue content

https://feeds.feedburner.com/2ality javascript content
https://hire.jonasgalvez.com.br/feed.xml javascript content
https://davidwalsh.name/ javascript content

https://wattenberger.com/rss react content
https://www.zhenghao.io/rss.xml react typescript content
https://acko.net/ react content
https://tkdodo.eu/blog/all react content
https://blog.axlight.com/ react content
https://www.robinwieruch.de/index.xml react content
https://www.developerway.com/rss.xml react content
https://alexkondov.com/ react content

https://www.joshwcomeau.com/rss.xml ui content
https://adrianroselli.com/feed ui content
https://ishadeed.com/feed.xml css content

https://ciechanow.ski/ technology content

https://jdhao.github.io/index.xml vim content
